### Solution for the "Incorrect Authorization" challenge

In this challenge the developer implement the same JSP page both on user and admin page.
This is an architectural mistake that leads to `spagetti code` and allows for logical errors to be made since authorization decisions are done using `if else` statements.
Focus on the `logoutParameter` condition in the provided sample code.

In order to pass this challenge try following steps.

1. Login as the demo user.
2. You can see the page is under **cwe863loggedin.jsp**
3. Analize the logout link, and notice the parameter `?logout=true`
4. Looking at the code you will notice that the situation where the **logout** parameter is present but **not equal** to `true` is **not** handled. 


        boolean isAdmin = true;
        boolean stop = false;
        String logoutParameter = request.getParameter("logout");
        
        if(logoutParameter!=null){
            if(logoutParameter.equals("true")){
                response.sendRedirect("ch863.jsp?loggedin=false");	
                stop = true;
            }
        }
        else{
            String isAdminVal = (String)session.getAttribute("isAdmin");
            isAdmin = isAdminVal != null && isAdminVal.equals("true");
        }	

5. This leads to a logical flaw. If the parameter `logout` is present but **not** `true`, then the authorization code on the `else` branch is **not** executed. 
Since the `isAdmin` parameter is set to `true` by default, contrary to the **principle of least privilege**, the attacker ends up getting admin privileges. 
Navigate to `cwe863loggedin.jsp?logout=false` to solve the challenge.

**NOTE**: While the vulnerable application uses Java code, you can easily imagine how a similar code may impact a **C++** or **PHP** application. 
It would be redundant to create code samples or vulnerable applications in other languages since almost all languages provide `if/else` logical statements. Go to the associated **code block** to read about better alternatives to authorization.

