**Input Validation** is an effective and simple security best practice. Even without having security knowledge any programmer can prevent security flaws by implementing input verification checks such as:

- The input should only contain digits if the input type is numeric
- The input should only contain unicode letter characters if the input type is alphabetic
- The input should match the format of an e-mail or GUID or PIN number if those are the intended types
- The input should not exceed a certain size


In an HTTP request there are many parameters that are simply numeric or alphanumeric. Let’s analyze the URL below which is part of a Twitter API request generated by executing a search for `security`.

    https://api.twitter.com/2/search/adaptive.json
    ?include_profile_interstitial_type=1&include_blocking=1&include_blocked_by=1
    &include_followed_by=1&include_want_retweets=1&include_mute_edge=1&include_can_dm=1&include_can_media_tag=1&skip_status=1
    &cards_platform=Web-12&include_cards=1&include_composer_source=true&include_ext_alt_text=true&include_reply_count=1
    &tweet_mode=extended&include_entities=true&include_user_entities=true&include_ext_media_color=true&send_error_codes=true&q=security
    &count=20&query_source=typd&pc=1&spelling_corrections=1&ext=mediaStats%2ChighlightedLabel

The only parameter that may need to be excluded from validation is `q` which holds the search text. More than 90% of the request parameters are alphanumeric . By applying input validation to 90% of the input on the request, we reduce 90% of the attack surface. 

#####Block Lists vs. Allow Lists
Sometimes developers are tempted to take a blocking approach. However block lists can be bypassed and may in fact cause automated tools and less experienced testers to miss security issues.

An analogy can be made to who you allow into your house. Would you maintain a block list of people that cannot come to your house? Likely not. You would in fact only allow inside your house friends and family, which is equivalent to an allow list. 

In this challenge you will have to choose the code that correctly implements input validation.